## Source Robo Score (source_robo_score)
**What is it?** A shocking amount of financial news is created not by humans, but by computer algorithms. Robot score presents the percentage of robo news coming from a source. An article from a source with high robo score may not likely to move the market.

**Quick Definition:** value from 0 to 1, is based on the percentage of robo generated articles from the source.

**How is it created?** Based on robo story clustering model, we generated an overall robo score for 300 million source we cover.

3-Step Process for Computing Source Robo Score:

1. A story clustering model looks into historical data (metadata of unique stories) with NLP metrics, and determine how similar stories share in structure and content.

2. Human curation upon the clusters will downgrade the robo score if the the content is from companies or government department's official website.

3. The Source Robo score is generated by the percentage of clustered articles.

**Examples**

- **Robo News Cluster**

-- *ASURE SOFTWARE, INC. (NASDAQ:ASUR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition*

-- *Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition*

These two articles share the information of earnings call for two different companies. The Robo story clustering model will grabs the title and content and based on the NLP metric we use, these article are identified as similar.

- **Not Robo News Cluster (With Human Curation)**

-- *Federal Reserve Board announces termination of enforcement action with Boscobel Bancorp and Community First Bank*

-- *Federal Reserve Board announces termination of enforcement action with Farmers and Merchants Bancshares, Inc.*

**Board of Governors of Federal Reserve System** announces termination of enforcement action in a similar form of title and content. Similar cases share with company official earning report, SEC filings, etc. Human curation will lower the score for these specific clusters.

<br><br>
<br><br>
<br><br>
